Updates browser login documentation (#412)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-hcp: docs/guides/auth.md

  client_id     = "service-principal-key-client-id"
  client_secret = "service-principal-key-client-secret"
}
``` 

## Optional Browser Login if no client credentials configured

> The HCP provider supports log in via the browser if the client ID and client secret aren't configured. This feature is supported in provider version 0.45.0 and above. Enable browser login post update by first regenerating the provider in terminal with the following commands. 

Reviewer: I think login is the noun but you could also use logging in depending on how you want it to sound! Also mentioning `in terminal` might be redundant if you follow up with `the following commands`.
```suggestion
The HCP provider supports logging in via the browser if the client ID and client secret aren't configured. This feature is supported in provider version 0.45.0 and above. Enable browser login post update by first regenerating the provider with the following commands. 
```
```suggestion
The HCP provider supports login via the browser if the client ID and client secret aren't configured. This feature is supported in provider version 0.45.0 and above. Enable browser login post update by first regenerating the provider with the following commands. 
```

```

> cd terraform-provider-hcp

Reviewer: nit: The change directory (`cd`) command may not be necessary since this documentation lives inside the repo
```suggestion
```

> make dev

Reviewer: Question: We may need to have the user delete the existing Terraform lock file if they have it right?
```suggestion
rm .terraform.lock.hcl
make dev
```

terraform init
terraform apply
```

> Your web browser then will navigate to the HCP portal, where you will be prompted to login. You may now create new or manage existing resources fully authenticated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your web browser will then navigate to the HCP portal, where you will be prompted to log in. You may now create new or manage existing resources fully authenticated.
```

> Your web browser then will navigate to the HCP portal, where you will be prompted to login. You may now create new or manage existing resources fully authenticated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your web browser then will navigate to the HCP portal, where you will be prompted to login. Once logged in, you may create new or manage existing resources. Your session will last 24 hours before prompting you to reauthenticate.
```
